Yes
Good morning, and records 2016 Welcome to join us and I will serve as a host for everyone, so I was in a code event this time. This keynote is in Japanese and in English at this very moment.
We have been streaming live all over the world so we have the first greetings in English and now Japan Microsoft as a third this is a record event, but it has grown every year to symbolize the transformation of Microsoft itself, and this year, it's a team.
This is the global level of content. Global level of speaker and glow it's a passion technology that we're going to send you now. I hope you'll enjoy it.
So I would like you to come to my excellent personal assistant.
Mr. Cortana.
Hello, welcome.
Is there anything I can do to help?
What's the first thing about Cortana today
How about a guide book? Well, that's the first thing I'd like to start with in a guidebook this is the Prince Park Tokyo Tower here, but there is a Tokyo tower in the vicinity. This is a guidebook, but a guidebook.
The test will be two-dimensional information, so what information is hidden here? Let's take a look at this camera app. Camera on this tablet now launching the app you're moving in like this. I'll try to image the catalog here as sterilization in a fine camera app
Do you know your whole life? The three D models of Tokyo Tower came out like this, and I can see the life expectancy of the flag, and it is possible to look at the top of the tower.
Unusual game you can, for example, when you turn this catalog, you can see the back of Tokyo Tower. This is an app.
It has been developed using a tool set that is carved on top of unity this is a WP app, but it has pen support so it is also possible to write with a pen in Tokyo Tower, so let's write Tokyo tower with great pains
Now what?
Yes, this is the way Tokyo Tower's annotations can be said to be incorporated into this electronically in this way. Augmented reality if the world comes to be able to make it easily, it is also in the way that the usage increases in various business scenes. New Business
The first thing you'll need is a business card here, and for some reason I have a business card in my mind, so I want to do a little bit about what this business card can look like.
Yes
It's a shame, but it seems to be the person of this business card, but I'm going to ask you a question. Hey Akira Sakaki If you have a tag, it's like Mr. Sakakibara.
Hey Cortana, let me ask you something.